The Joe Rogan experience. Um, and this,
this excuse making that people do do as a straight white man,
I can't get a break in this talent. Oh my God.
When you're a straight white man and you're complaining,
like you got one of the most captivating hands of.
Cards in, in world history in the world.
In 2000, 19 straight, still a great.
Hand, still a great hand. You might get beat with a crazy,
uh, you know, naette yeah. A naette.
Hand take you out at the hamstrings.
<Laugh> man. That'll get you on the river. Yeah. But, but she, what?
I know she got number one, but it wasn't even funny. What the? Um,
anti-cho what's.
Anti- comedy. All right. Uh.
My take on in that thing and I haven't even seen it. It's like,
do people like it? Yeah. Good.
I saw it live. Did you like it? Yeah. I liked it a lot. Nice. It's not see it.
Likestan I saw it in New York. I saw before it was on Netflix,
like I saw it and met her and was like, thought I was like, was she nice?
It was an awkward conversation. I'll say that. Well, she is a.
Little spectrumy right. Isn't that's.
Talk about, I, I think that's a fair,
she's pretty open about it's fair estimation. Yeah. Like it was, it was,
it wasn't like easy.
Do you find that you, when you speak to certain women in particular,
you feel like almost like you're guilty of something like you di like you're a
male, like you're an oppressor. Do you ever, you ever feel like.
That? Not too many women. And it could just be a projection. It could be my own.
Yes. It could be. I'm like auto projecting where I'm like, I definitely do that.
I, there aren't too many, but I think you have to work against stereotypes.
Yeah. You're working against tattoos. Built bald. Yeah. Right. Wing podcaster.
Well.
Cage fighting, commentator killer. <laugh>.
Everything. Oh. I forgot about that. Jesus, Joe. Yeah. I'm a monster monster.
So like you have a lot, I'm pretty, you know, a feat.
The way I look is a problem. It's like, I, and I, if.
You, what are the odds? You're not sexist, right? Or a.
Yeah. Yeah. Not that good. Yeah.
My like what are the odds, right. Like, so, uh, you try. I mean, I don't,
I don't feel it too much, but I can imagine how much,
what percentage of women do you feel like you have to do that.
With the ones who don't know me once they know me, like, I'm pretty,
pretty nice.
Like go to a venue. You go the venue that you've never been to.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>, there's a woman, the backstage,
one of the works for live nation or she works the venue. Like,
does she assume that you're? Nah.
Not if they work for live nation. Okay. I'm nice to all those folks. Yeah.
But I think that if someone has, uh, like a,
a very staunch feminist perspective and they meet someone like me, they might,
depending upon their perspective, they might think that I'm the enemy.
That that's a, that's a possibility that like right away,
they look at me like the enemy. Yeah.
Well, that's the thing of like, what are you absolute? Like yeah. Even,
and you, you can tell sometimes when you're arguing with,
with people that are super, uh,
dogmatic about whatever they believe in that they can,
you can watch them go into a line of logic
that they know that they then realize I can't, cuz that will like,
uh, seed some ground to this person. They go mm-hmm <affirmative> and it's like,
I saw you start mm-hmm <affirmative> to go down that like a, just a reason.
And I'm not saying, uh, stop, believing what you believe in. It's just like,
it's it doesn't have to be a hundred percent. Exactly. Just it's fine.
You can still you're still win the popular vote. It's just majority rules.
It doesn't have to be overwhelming. Just,
just don't it's dishonest in a way. Cuz the,
they don't want to believe they don't want to have, uh,
they don't wanna have a chin in their armor in terms logically.
Yeah. To wanna lump people into categories. Cuz it's easy to define them too.
You know? Uh, we were goofing yesterday.
Me and Joe list were goofing around about a Alyssa Milanos sex strike that she
was proposing Uh-huh and I was like with one of the things that about that is
first of all, that um, that women
would agree with you that they would just withhold sex from the person that they
love. Because Alyssa Milano said,
because Melissa Milano said you should withhold sex because in Georgia they're
limiting abortion laws.
But the second thing is that like that you would assume that all men are respons
for this. Not even just the voters in Georgia, but all men,
somehow like a man in Minneapolis should be denied sex from his progressive
girlfriend.
Or that he's gonna call like his friend in Alabama. Like man, this,
you better do something cuz I'm not getting no up here, bro. This.
Sex strike is for real bro. This is hitting us.
So it's so delusional and such a dumb flag of virtue that
they're throwing up. And it's such, it's such stupid 2019 woke politics.
That that was actually well by the well that's.
The way it's like based on less tra like a, a old Greek play. Wasn't really?
Yeah.
No. There was a sex strike and.
An old Greek play play. Yeah. That's the yeah.
And that's what that movie Shyra was about. It was, it was a sex strike.
No in Chicago. Yeah. Did that work? It's uh, I don't think it's ever,
I don't know. Will you Google and see if it's ever been done? Um,
I would imagine.
That girls just use an excuse to not a guy. They won't don't wanna. It's.
Also like I'm on a of, of em aren't anyway. It's yeah.
Like what are you gonna it's like rock had that joke about like,
what are you gonna, you can't you're already not me, dude. I.
When you hear, when hear women talk about not wanting to their husbands,
it's like, it's such a depressing, like I was listening to this gal.
She was like, well, you know,
most wives don't wanna have sex with their husband. It's like what?
You li you listen to that. You like, Ugh.
As a husband, it bumps you out. Or as a, as a,
a human being humans are that they're in a situation. Yeah. Well the, the.
Thing that people like the most about relationships, but,
but besides the fact that you love someone, you care,
someone is having sex with somebody who wants to have sex with you. Yeah.
It's great. Fun. Yeah. It's a fun time. It's.
Very rewarding. It's super feels real nice. Feels.
Especially take a little hit. They really feel it. Yeah.
Feel vulnerable. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It.
Feels great. So when you hear like, someone doesn't want that and then you know,
their attitudes that most women don't want that. Yeah.
Most women don't have sex with their husband. They just do it.
Cuz they have to like.
Well they that's also,
it's very hard to get a clear story about women and sexuality in that.
Like it's I don't, I think it's varies from wildly.
Oh for sure. Like the hasn't it in girls you've dated.
Yeah. Even the other day I put a thing on, on uh, Instagram where I said, how,
if you start following a guy, how long do you think he should wait to DMU?
<affirmative> because as a guy I'll have girls follow me. And because I'll like,
just do jokes on there. I'm like, does this girl wanna, I don't wanna be like,
so you came for the comedy also Dick <laugh>.
I don't. Yeah. That's a weird thing.
I don't wanna, I don't wanna bumm her out if she just came.
Cause she thinks I'm funny, but like, yes. But what about me?
Can I injur you in that? What about my penis? Yes. Um, so,
and of course the answers were all over the place. Yeah. I was like four days,
five days, 10 minutes. And then I said, but if he's cute, it doesn't matter.
And they all wrote Nope. Doesn't.
Matter. <laugh> ah, yeah. If it's, if it's Aqua, man, just let them. Yeah. Fine.
DM slide.
I like that. You're referencing Aqua man is like the paradigm of pot and it not,
cuz he really is. He's as good.
As it gets. Yep. He's well this is what my wife said.
She goes he's everybody's type. Yeah.
He's a including.
Phish. Yeah. He's a big, giant handsome, beautiful man.
Who seems to be extraordinarily kind. Yeah. Like.
He's got and he dates an older, a woman that's older than him. Like yep.
He's got he exercises.
What does it say? Furthermore sex strikes have historically been affected.
I opened this and didn't read it as pointed.
By Chicagoist in Kenya. The Philippines Liberia. Thanks.
Nobel prize winner. Lima wa how?
Say that G B O w Lema. Gubi.
Uh.
BL cabloi and in Columbia where women held a 10 day se strike
in 2006 to end gang fighting. Wow.
End gang gang fight. It's a great, it is a great idea. It truly is like,
if you wanna affect change, just get every I was saying to somebody last night,
like we all know like every, somebody was asking me about,
uh, cheating on and I was like, I'm not a cheater,
but I was like, every guy does what they do.
Most human achievement is because they men wanted to get like, yeah,
like buildings, electricity. If you think the.
That SCAs a problem in unions. Just trust me.
If you got a sex track them, hos them hos are gonna come out.
Cause it's also like.
Work. What am I gonna use? <laugh> I have no leverage. This is my main leverage.
Like, um, but, but yeah, like it's a,
it's a great bargaining tool. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean it's the,
it is the bargaining. I mean that's,
in some ways that's most of the negotiation of a relationship is like where
girls go, like women don't control it. It's like,
they may not control it explicitly. But I know if I do something,
that's gonna get you in a bad mood. You're not gonna lock me.
And legalized prostitution is one of the,
one of the best ways to combat any kind of sex strike.
And that is one reason why women hate the idea of legalized prostitution.
They don't ever want that to not be negotiable.
They don't ever want you to be able to go, oh, oh, I'm an. Yeah.
I I'm going for a drive. You go right down to the store. Yeah.
Where you go to the sex store. Yeah. And you,
you pay for a 10 and she's built like Jessica,
a rabbit and you bang her and you have a time of your life. And then you,
you go home and your girlfriend's got a little bit of a gut and her saggy.
And you're like, I just, no, I mean, you can't tell me what to do anymore.
I spent 80 bucks. I just, it wasn't that much. Yeah. I,
if sex was legal financially, if it was transactions sexual.
No, it is legal in a lot of countries or not a lot of countries,
but a few countries.
A few. Yeah. Enough. But if it was legal in this country,
how much do you think it would shift perceptions and the way what people? I.
Think it would, I don't know.
Cuz I was just in Singapore and apparently it's legal there.
By the way I went like there's a, I was in Singapore, did some shows.
Excellent. And uh, and there was a place
called uh, it's orchard road and it's a mall during the day.
And at night it becomes a mall for prostitutes.
Fevo prostitute mall. Yes.
It's they have likechar road.
And the awful saying for it is four floors of horses, which is I, I just,
I hate, I hate the word of war. I hate the world war. I don't know.
It just bugs something about it's like you who,
it just feels like dice or something. You like pro I don't know.
I, I like is a term of, uh, endearment hook. No,
not like that. Like Barney mouse that kinda like shut your mouth.
Like she say that to your friend,
like a girlfriend who's just joking around about the top.
Like shut your mouth and nobodybody will laugh.
Yeah. Uh, so, but it, I, so the,
the, the local guys were going there and I was like, well, yeah,
I'm gonna go also. Cause I wanna see this place. I've read about it.
And there was a restaurant there that they ate in, which is a whole other issue,
but it's literally like a mall, like a mall. Like not like a,
you know, Glendale. Galleri where it's like,
like a LA it's just one of those like square ones where it's like four floors
there's escalator in the middle. And then there's just basically like,
and there's just wimp prostitutes, hookers. As you call them, uh,
out in the.
Walkway, Jamie's got a visual for us. I was trying to find something,
but I found a trip, a trip advisory review of, or don't go at night.
<laugh> yeah. Wow. Don't go here at nighttime. Unless you wanna be shocked.
A little, the whole place turns into a countless, into countless brothel bars.
I feel like I need to scrub myself after our visit. I.
I don't dis like I was there about three minutes and I was like, all right,
cuz the thing is, there's a difference between legal,
legalized prostitution and anyone wanting to be a prostitute and they don't
wanna be, I mean, they are right. I don't think they're being forced or coerced,
but life is coercing them. What you doing.
It? Did you, what did you think about the Robert KRA situation here?
Here's what bothered me about that two things bothered me about that one. They,
they accused him of being a part of sex trafficking. Right.
But turns how that wasn't true. There, there weren't.
There were just regular girls who wanted jerk guys off for money right there.
Wasn't there's no one there I wanted.
I think is a big word.
Were willing, did it voluntarily, whatever. Um,
and they, they were threatening to release the film footage yeah.
Of him like youre. So what do you do?
You're just trying to shame him into submission and the fact that this guy,
even though he is a billionaire, he can't stop that from happening. Like how.
Crazy? Well,
the funny thing is the fact that he's a billionaire and still has to go to the,
the massage to the drive through it's like I, boy,
I wish there was a better system. There should be.
A better system. Yeah. I mean, I think it's gonna be robots.
I think sex robots are gonna blow like blur the morality line. I.
Was at a, this is a similar thing about like there's no, uh,
uh, release relief anywhere.
I was at a party recently and deicao was there and there were,
and there were a bunch, it was just like a huge, crazy party,
like crazy Hollywood party. Like the kind I never go to. And there's just like,
just everyone's there. And uh,
deicaprio's girl wanted to leave and he goes, well, uh,
the girls tired. So I gotta leave the greatest party ever.
Like he had to leave like even to leonardard deicaprio the king of Kings.
The girls are tired. God.
How gotta go? How long had they the party for uh.
I don't know, hour and a half or something, but there was like a dinner before.
Mm. But it was, it was just a funny thing like, oh, okay. So there's no,
it doesn't matter who I am. Yeah. You still you're at the, when they're done.
Yeah. When they're, when they're done, you're gonna go sometimes.
But having said that we still all do it for some, um,
invisible. Uh shaangrala.
I bet she would've stayed at the party for Aqua man.
You know what I mean? <laugh> I bet Aqua man was there.
She Sheman Aquaman been like, it's fine. Let's stay. Yeah.
I might feed her a little, but I'll take off my shoes, whatever.
Yeah. No, the, uh, but yeah, there's still, he's still kind, I mean,
we're still doing it for some primal,
like all the achievements and all that. It's still some yeah.
Well you wanna be respected and loved and liked and you want people to desire
you. Yeah. That's, that's part of it.
Right. Even if you're not gonna take 'em up on it, right? Yes.
Like I told an anecdote on, on, uh, howne field this week, um,
about the best compliment I ever got.
I was doing a show in Vegas with two buddies of mine who shall remain nameless.
We get on the elevator at the end woman gets on and goes,
can I just say I'm married, but I would all you guys. <laugh> whoa.
And we, and it was great. It's like, oh, you get,
we feel accomplished. We did a great job of the show. You're attracted to us.
You just happened to be married and that's so nothing's ever gonna happen.
But thank you for expressing your attraction to us.
D know if she was saying, even though I'm married? No, she was saying it like,
just so you know, if I weren't married. Oh, if I wasn't married, I. And not.
And she didn't mean at the same time either. She was a little drunk. She was,
but even tipsy. She said some ridiculous, but that's a very nice thing to say.
Like, that's kind of what you want to from everyone, for a guy. Yeah.
Like I would you girls. Don't want to hear that. They're like, yeah. Thanks.
Yeah, no kidding. They don't hear that. Yeah.